---
title: Under assault by bats and zombies
publishDate: 04/11/22
description: Peace and quiet was short-lived for the adventurers. After discussing a wine shortage problem with the tavernkeeper, Danika, they were interrupted by an alarm. They soon found the town under assault by bats, and zombies led by Count Strahd himself...
---

Peace and quiet was short-lived for the adventurers. After discussing a wine shortage problem with the tavernkeeper, Danika, they were interrupted by an alarm. They soon found the town under assault by bats, and zombies led by Count Strahd himself. Some of the zombies were decoys in disguise, Oink found this out when he put an arrow through the chest of a Vallakian citizen. Luckily for his conscience, Kavi revived her. Strahd called out for Ireena to join him at his dark abode, and Rollo tumbled over a palisade wall, landing in a Zombie’s lap. After the assailants were defeated, Gilgan got cheeky with Strahd and the group made their way to the town center. Caryn was furious that the town guard had allowed some of the citizens in the pillory to fall prey to zombies and when the leader of the guards demanded custody of Ireena, Caryn couldn’t hold back the flames. Kavi aided Ireena in escaping, turning her invisible. After a bloody battle, Oink and his new longbow saved the day. Izek Strazni lies dead - his face buried in mud. The streets were empty, although you wonder if there were any witnesses amongst the dark windows of the buildings nearby. Feeling fatigued after these encounters, our heroes headed back to the Blue Water Inn to rest. Laying in their beds, they wondered - what will tomorrow hold?
