---
title: Scorching skeletons and a table made of bones
publishDate: 08/15/22
description: Finding themselves In a dark room full of skeletons, Caryn lit things up, scorching many skellies to a crisp. Bones seemed to be the theme of this level of the Castle.
---

Finding themselves In a dark room full of skeletons, Caryn lit things up, scorching many skellies to a crisp. Bones seemed to be the theme of this level of the Castle. Gilgan discovered a dining table made entirely out of them. Oink couldn’t stop Strahd’s servant Cyrus from crashing the party. After a few jokes, Cyrus led them to an elevator where sleeping gas put many to sleep. Kavi and Caryn fought off the drowsiness, rousing the others when they had arrived at their accommodations. Pidlwick joined the party, and although he has a penchant for breaking things - he has proven himself to be an excellent dancer. Following cues from their dreams, the party discovered the location of the magic gem. After dispatching some crusty witches, Rollo tried his hand at alchemy, heating up a large black pot by speaking “Gorah”. Feeling confident that no more tricks lay in wait, Gilgan led the party to the stairwell where he was promptly smothered by a giant rug. After taking his fair share of collateral damage, Gilgan escaped and Rollo took his place. The rug was defeated but one more trap lay in wait for Oink. A blob of slime fell upon him as he left the castle. The slime was purged by Caryn’s holy fire. Mildly traumatized by the series of events, our heroes returned to their carriage and Olaf escorted them back to Vallaki. Although they had left some blood on the floors at Castle Ravenloft, they felt stronger and ready to face the other horrors that most certainly lie in wait throughout the curs’d land of Barovia.
